Bump github.com/pires/go-proxyproto from 0.14.0 to 0.15.0 (#3646)
openbao/openbao: changelog/3646.txt

> command/server: All connections to TCP listeners with HAProxy proxy protocol enabled must now include the proxy protocol header.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```release-note:change
command/server: All connections to TCP listeners with HAProxy proxy protocol enabled must now include the proxy protocol header.
```
````

Reviewer 2: my bad 😅

```release-note:change

> command/server: Proxy protocol tcp listener requires proper Header configuration.

Reviewer: Maybe we can be a little clearer, IIUC:

```suggestion
command/server: All connections to TCP listeners with proxy protocol enabled must now include the proxy protocol header.
```

Reviewer 3: If we're going to nitpick, should this be the HAProxy proxy protocol?

Reviewer 2: adjusted, a lot of proxy in this one.
